CSS SIZING, MEDIA QUERIES

How Big Is That Box? Understanding Sizing In CSS Layout
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/01/understanding-sizing-css-layout/

Responsive And Fluid Typography With vh And vw Units
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/05/fluid-typography/

Using Media Queries For Responsive Design In 2018
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/02/media-queries-responsive-design-2018/


FLEXBOX

Chris Coyer's Complete Guide to Flexbox  
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/

Smashing Magazine: Harnessing Flexbox for Today's Web Apps 
http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/03/02/harnessing-flexbox-for-todays-web-apps/

Solved by Flexbox 
https://philipwalton.github.io/solved-by-flexbox/

Flexy Boxes playground and code generator
http://the-echoplex.net/flexyboxes/

Flex-grow 9999 Hack
https://joren.co/flex-grow-9999-hack/

`flex-grow` is weird. Or is it?
https://css-tricks.com/flex-grow-is-weird/


FLEXBOX AND GRID GAMES

Flexbox Froggy 
http://flexboxfroggy.com/

Flexbox Defense 
http://www.flexboxdefense.com/

Grid Garden
http://www.cssgridgarden.com/



FLEXBOX GRID SYSTEMS

Getting started with Flexbox grid systems
http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2016/02/getting-started-with-flexbox-grid-systems/

Flexbox Grid 
http://flexboxgrid.com/

Bootstrap 4's Flexbox-based grid
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/grid/

Zurb Foundation's XY Grid
http://foundation.zurb.com/sites/docs/xy-grid.html




CSS GRID
CSS Tricks: A Complete Guide to Grid 
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/

Grid by Example
http://gridbyexample.com/

Practical CSS Grid: Adding Grid to an Existing Design
https://alistapart.com/article/practical-grid

Basic concepts of grid layout
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout/Basic_Concepts_of_Grid_Layout

CSS Grid Inspector (in Firefox): 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Tools/Page_Inspector/How_to/Examine_grid_layouts

Grid "fallbacks" and overrides
https://rachelandrew.co.uk/css/cheatsheets/grid-fallbacks

Things Iâ€™ve Learned About CSS Grid Layout 
https://css-tricks.com/things-ive-learned-css-grid-layout/ 

GRID PILE: Stacking CSS Grids for Impossible Layouts
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/grid-pile-stacking-css-grids-impossible-layouts-rand-hendriksen/

Breaking Down a CSS Grid Layout
http://csskarma.com/blog/css-grid-layout/

A Collection of Interesting Facts about CSS Grid Layout
https://css-tricks.com/collection-interesting-facts-css-grid-layout/

Is it really safe to start using CSS Grid Layout?
https://rachelandrew.co.uk/archives/2017/07/04/is-it-really-safe-to-start-using-css-grid-layout/

Using CSS Grid: Supporting Browsers Without Grid
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2017/11/css-grid-supporting-browsers-without-grid/

Bootstrap to CSS Grid
https://medium.com/@tallys/bootstrap-to-css-grid-87b3f5f830e4



CSS CUSTOM PROPERTIES (VARIABLES)

Using CSS variables correctly
https://www.madebymike.com.au/writing/using-css-variables/
https://codepen.io/MadeByMike/pen/dRoLpJ?editors=1100

A Strategy Guide To CSS Custom Properties
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/05/css-custom-properties-strategy-guide/

MDN: Using CSS custom properties (variables)
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Using_CSS_variables

What is the difference between CSS variables and preprocessor variables?
https://css-tricks.com/difference-between-types-of-css-variables/

CSS Variables: Why Should You Care? (good JavaScript examples)
https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/02/css-variables-why-should-you-care

How to make responsiveness super simple with CSS Variables
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/how-to-make-responsiveness-super-simple-with-css-variables-8c90ebf80d7f

Learn CSS Variables in 5 minutes
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/learn-css-variables-in-5-minutes-80cf63b4025d



CALC()

MDN: calc()
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/calc

A Couple of Use Cases for Calc()
https://css-tricks.com/a-couple-of-use-cases-for-calc/

Getting Started With CSS calc()
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/12/getting-started-css-calc-techniques/


